Hey. Reggie! Get up!
Fuck!
I hear you're too sick to practice.
I feel better. Coach.
When was the last time you had a decent meal?
Come on.
Mary's always happy to see you at the table.
Nothing you say will change my mind.
Damn it. Reggie.
You're the most talented
superhero I know.
And you throw it all away.
to sell coke to gangs?
You don't know me. Coach. You don't know anything about me.
I know you have a heart.
I know you want more than that.
You have a choice. son.
Either you run away from this life.
or you're gonna have an early funeral.
I'm your good old Coach Brink.
Come back with me.
In the suburbs.
It doesn't matter what I want.
I'll never get out of here.
-Stop! Damn it!
-Stop right there.
Dude. that couldn't have been better!
That was fucking perfect! Let's do it again.
Ferelle. you're like Streep.
It made me cry.
Literally.
Now you're glad you spent two weeks
at the youth center in Compton. right?
Don't I play it much like Birth of a Champion?
And that's supposed to be a bad thing?
Wait. what's that smell?
-Everybody stop! What's that smell?
-What?
It's...
-Is that you?
-I was eating falafel.
What?
I smell an Oscar nomination.
Give it a rest!
-I don't.
-Don't say it. -Don't say it.
You can't jinx this.
You better make room
on the shelf. De Niro. Okay?
Okay. Starting again.
-I'll see how it went.
-Clearly.
Give him the headphones! Thank you. sir.
One quick thing just between us.
It's like you're having trouble getting it going.
Maybe it's the scene.
It's a brilliant scene. Look at this.
this is in the story
in your character's story. You understand?
Everybody broke a stick over you.
you're all alone until coach...
Doesn't he pull out of the ghetto like a savior?
No. you're actually saving each other.
it's a perfectly balanced story.
All consultants
social sensitivity consultants agree.
My brother was my only coach.
Okay?
He was a waiter at a pizza place.
he wasn't a crack dealer.
And now he must be really proud of you.
Let's run it again. shall we?
-Give me a minute.
-Clearly.
Wait. you know what? One more thing.
You said. "It doesn't matter what I want."
But in the script.
"What I want doesn't matter."
Yeah? Let's do it.
All right. everybody on your marks.
Let's film it!
Can we talk?
You're not talking.
that's your telltale sign.
Playing Noir is a great challenge.
But yesterday was really weird.
I've never killed anyone before.
Does Homelander make us kill people a lot?
And if we do. do we just do it?
Don't get me wrong.
I'm thrilled to be here.
And I'll take it all.
But I have a problem
with Noir's motivation. You get it. right?
His motivation is to be a freak.
Just shut up and keep up.
Do as you're told.
Violence in our bloody streets
against decent. hardworking Americans.
If you're considering letting
your children to play carefree
outdoors unsupervised. you'd better think twice.
These two animals.
Benny Long and Ian Rashford
outside the courthouse yesterday
beat three decent men to death.
Starlight fans
have revealed their true colors.
They were causing a disturbance
at several "peaceful demonstrations"
all over the country.
I personally don't take civil liberties
in our beautiful country as a matter of course.
But Starlight fans
seem to see it differently.
Okay. soy for the pH.
hyaluronic acid
for deep moisturizing and arginine for...
What's it all for?
I'm a Voughtality dealer.
I'm five thousand points short.
to get a Cadillac.
-Might help...
-You work for Vought?
Voughtality. "For the super-tebe."
You know that Vought
killed my girlfriend. right?
I'm fighting them.
I think I have rosemary oil.
It's really good for the joints.
Could you just... Can you stop. please?
-Please stop. Stop it!
-I'm sorry.
Oh. God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was just...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You look good.
You've grown up.
Yeah. it fits.
because you've seen the last of me.
-when I was six!
-Don't yell at me. please.
-What are you doing here?
-I got a call from the hospital.
Yeah. when they couldn't reach me.
But I'm here now. so...
He doesn't need you. Neither one of us does.
Dad didn't tell you?
Damn it.
So what?
He gave me power of attorney.
including medical decisions.
and signed the DNR.
Didn't he update his will?
Oh. yeah.
Why would he give power of attorney
to you and not me?
I know. I know. We've been in touch...
The last year or two.
Here and there. But ask him.
But. Hughie. don't worry.
-I'm really good in a crisis.
-Don't...
And I can handle it.
I promise.
You promise?
Hughie. wait!
Stealing out?
I didn't mean to wake you.
Hey. Hey.
Maybe you should stay in bed tonight.
Yeah. I'm fine.
It could have been a lot worse.
I mean. it would have been if you hadn't shown up.
Thank you.
Work.
Your speech therapist Gloria
told me how much progress you've made.
How's it going?
If it goes well. I'm not here.
You know. elective mutism
is often a symptom of trauma.
What do you think?
Our past does not shape us.
I agree with that. but sometimes you have to
to confront his past.
to break away from it.
Why don't we start with something simple?
Tell me about your parents.
Christ. Is that what you're telling us now?
Have you been to the doctor? Have you...
-How long do you have left?
-It's none of your business.
What's going on?
I don't know why I'm telling you this.
But I'm knocking on heaven's gate
and it's really pissing me off.
I was trying to warn you.
that this shit is poisonous.
You're not one of us.
-Hell!
-That's enough.
Let's talk.
-You're out.
-What do you mean?
I'm firing you. Pack up and get out.
So. I'm speaking plainly
and that's what I get?
Fuck me. Is this where honesty gets you?
Honesty? You've been lying to us for the last six months.
Not saying something is not lying.
Look. you need all the help you can get.
that's available to you.
Not from you. You're a liability. Butcher.
I'm not gonna let this go to waste.
The gang is my project.
Says the man over the grave.
who's bluffing for the last time.
So pack your bags and get the fuck out.
Or I'll hand fire you.
-I just...
-I don't want to hear it. He's outside.
You can join him if you want.
Small-town boy
growing up with his mom on a ranch in Montana.
He's just a regular guy at first glance.
But deep in his heart. he knows
he's different. Special.
He always asks himself. "Who am I?"
One day this question is answered.
when Homelander comes down from heaven and says
-with tears in my eyes...
-No tears.
And he proudly says: "Son. it's time.
to take your place at my side."
And for Ryan. it's surprising
and yet inevitable.
He always knew he was destined for greatness.
Because it came from greatness.
Wow! See that. son?
What do you think?
It's cool.
I guess.
I guess?
-I think it looks amazing.
-Absolutely amazing.
-It's gonna be a bust.
-Great. -Great.
This whole thing sucks.
It doesn't suck.
It sucks like a sled in the summer.
I'm sorry. but why are you here?
After Gunpowder
Vought got rid of the snitches.
Compensation exceeded profitability.
I don't think he'd think of me
Ryan complained to HR.
So what?
Ryan is the first born superhero
and his brand needs to reflect that.
It's not one of the lab shots.
He was chosen by fate. by God.
anything to be the one to save the world.
Yes.
but let's not forget why he's special. right?
He's my son.
Chosen by God. sure.
But... made by me.
The story of the "chosen one" only works if.
when it stands on its own.
Harry Potter. Neo. Luke Skywalker.
Hollywood trained people.
to love the white lonely savior.
America will want to fall in love with Ryan.
VOUGHT
OVERVIEW OF INTERNATIONAL CRIME
What's that?
International criminals.
Your first rescue. Congratulations. son.
My name's not on it.
You wanted a kingdom for your son.
I'm helping you build it.
Well done. Just as we agreed.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Can I?
I'm here because Homelander wants me here.
Because he trusts me.
Listen. I know. I know.
you're the smartest woman on earth.
The smartest man.
Let me give you some advice.
Women are supposed to support each other.
You can't talk to Homelander like that.
I'm telling the truth.
You're the one who's so afraid of him.
that you pulled your hair out.
If I were you. I'd be useful for something.
A little breast milk.
so she'll have a breast to latch on to.
before you end up like Madelyn Stillwell.
Hey. Ashley. How you doing?
I was just coming to see you. boss.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
I heard.
Ryan's going on his first solo job.
I want to talk to you about something. I have an idea.
So what if...
Just hear me out. please.
What if I'd been there?
That's all. That's my whole proposal.
Want to action acceptable for the whole family?
While PETA has you
still on the animal scum list?
I swear to God.
Fools who think they're smart.
are the fucking worst!
Why do you let her talk to you like that?
She's a stupid bitch.
I guess he has his days.
It's like a full moon. isn't it?
You are a genetically superior being
and she's the evolutionary equivalent of a capybara.
-Cappuccino?
-It's a giant rodent from South America.
You're better than her. Act like it.
And you should be at the event.
It's a good idea.
Thank you.
At 1:16 p.m.. Todd and his buddies walked in
into Planet Vought
and they didn't reappear until 2:09 p.m.
when their corpses
appeared out of nowhere at the protest.
And how they got there.
without anyone seeing?
A-Train. It had to be him.
Promise? Like you promised once?
Are we boring you. Hughie?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was...
I feel you.
But they died
from blunt force trauma.
There's no mention of a superpower anywhere.
Because they're much better at covering their asses.
Probably because of her.
Sister Sage. 32 years old.
from Detroit. Michigan.
She broke up with Vought once.
when she got kicked out of Teenage Kix.
-What are his abilities?
-He's the smartest on the planet.
I've already tapped her cell phones.
She made a reservation
in Vought Garden Suitesand
Courtyard Express in Harrisburg.
Who wants to go on a trip?
You know what? I'll stay here.
If that A-Train
on those two guys. I'm gonna go after him.
I'll be with her.
-I have to stay close to my dad.
-Bright.
Okay. you two are with me.
Hey. she made a cute little...
cock and balls.
Come on! Take the money!
-End of story. you bastards!
-Back off!
Noire.
-Get back!
-Okay. Take it easy. okay?
Noire. What should we do?
-Let her go.
-Get out of the way. kid.
-It's gonna be okay.
-Promise?
I promise.
Who are you?
My name is Ryan. and I don't like bullies.
Yeah. pretty good.
It's getting better. Solid work. guys.
Noire. your input.
You're doing too much. Just come in.
But shouldn't Noir's entrance be like that?
I think he should jump in.
-You don't fucking talk.
-I'm sorry.
You're still talking.
Let's stick to blocking for now. okay?
Deepe. keep the "claws".
-The children will see.
-Good.
Ryan. when it gets rough.
drop me for real.
-I can take it. -I can take it.
-Yeah.
Let's take a break and then we'll have a rematch.
Great.
Thanks. Koy.
-Dad?
-Yeah?
Did I look stupid?
You need to be more empathetic.
Just really sell it.
Do you understand?
Are rescues like that?
Like I always
with stuntmen and rehearsals?
No. Some of them are real.
I've saved a lot of people.
This is to help you get started.
-Okay?
-Yeah.
Ryan. can we practice my throw?
-Great idea.
-Yeah. right.
Yeah. I'm fine.
Let me be very clear.
In this action.
we're not gonna kill anybody. are we?
Just shut up.
We need to practice this exactly.
-Step. grip. Okay?
-Yeah.
You can't talk to me like that.
I didn't say anything.
I mean. last time.
Step. step. and... That's it.
I am the pinnacle of human evolution
and you're just a capabarn.
A rodent from South America.
So you're fucking land mammals now?
I am the Lord of the seven seas!
Try this on me again.
and I'll drown you
in your fucking toilet. you stupid bitch!
And I'm gonna use it first.
-Is that what you want?
-No.
-Sir!
-No. sir.
That's the way it's supposed to be.
That's it.
-Let her go!
-Get out of the way. kid!
The kid was born for the movies.
Soft face. totally glowing.
Oh. thank God.
Erasing the wrinkles from the Dawn of the Seven
cost an extra nine million.
Pretty much the same as Sex and the City 2.
Son of a bitch.
Would you like some scrambled eggs?
-How the fuck did you find us?
-Please.
Your password is "Janine2012".
Put the plate down. Butcher.
and get out of my way.
Well. I'm lucky you're not my boss anymore.
And as a private. conscious citizen.
I can say "fuck you"
to all those government dummies.
who are hiding the truth from me.
Welcome to the zoo.
THERE ARE NO CONSPIRACIES OR COINCIDENCES
MIMES ARE SLAVES
REST IN PEACE
DAKOTA BOB HARVESTS SOULS
HOUR OF TRUTH
THE SHAPE OF A MURDERER
SOLDIER BOY IN CIA CAPTIVITY!
SECRET LOVERS?
WHITE POWER
LOVE WHO YOU ARE
STORMFRONT IS ALIVE!
STARLIGHT IS KILLING US!
He's a Nazi.
who's into conspiracy theories.
What the world's smartest man does
in a place like this?
CHILD FREEDOM FIGHTERS
There's our girl.
Where's Kimiko?
THE HOUR OF TRUTH WITH FIRECRACKER
STARLIGHT
AND THE HOLLYWOOD PEDOPHILE SOCIETY
Splinter! Splinter. come here.
I'm not gonna be too shiny?
You're fine. You're... perfect.
So hurry up. you flat-earther.
they get on at 4:30.
Yeah. right.
Hey. uh... Hi. everybody.
Our next speaker
is not only a true visionary.
but also a good friend of mine.
Please welcome
with me the author. the filmmaker.
political activist. commentator
and a leading voice in the alternative movement
of superhero supporters on YouTube.
Firecracker!
How are you. truth seekers?
Hey! Hey!
Thanks! Thank you so much!
-A round of applause for you too!
-Tell it straight. Firecracker!
Let's get this straight.
We have a national crisis.
Homelander himself said:
"Starlight traffics in children."
And her supporters murdered
three of our brothers yesterday to cover it up.
They're killing us! Wake up!
In the next two hours. I can prove
that Starlight is cooperating
with Oprah and Tom Hanks
on a satanic delivery service.
Order a hot dog
and they'll bring you a boy. and a girl for a taco.
You order a station wagon and you get a baby.
who was forced into trans surgery.
and lemonade is an injection of adrenochrome.
We all know...
Do people really believe that?
People believe everything.
And the fake moon landing.
...but that's because a brave informant.
who wanted the pedophile ring
for Forrest Gump to expose.
he flew off the bridge before he had a chance.
Frenchie. go check out what he's doing.
Coincidence?
But just watch.
Yeah. I'm fine.
If you do the math...
I'm not letting you out of my sight.
...all the letters
in Tom Hanks' movie titles.
you get 311. and that's...
police code for child porn!
Just do the math!
Stormchasers United kick off in 20 minutes.
MMS MESSAGE FROM COLIN
Lunch?
Stop it! Give it back!
I'd have...
Don't be a wimp.
You deserve Colin's penis... or ass.
Or maybe both?
But go for it!
Are you drunk?
I had a beer.
Four. actually.
What's the matter with you?
Six beers.
You're holding back with Colin for me!
What? No! No! No! It has nothing to do with you.
I slept with someone.
Really?
With the barista from the Jitter Bean.
He shoved his penis right into my vagina.
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
You should stick your penis somewhere too!
Really. merci.
But it's not about you. I swear.
Doppelganger competition
of Alex Jones has been moved...
Can we get back to work?
Eight beers.
9:00 p.m. at Deep's Club.
What's going on?
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
That's not what it looks like!
It's okay.
SOUTH RIVERWALK PARK
Your source from the Tower is pulling your leg?
No. If he says the A-Train comes here
every Sunday at 3:00. he'll be here.
Yeah. you promise?
Your promise is as worthless as you are.
What?
I'm sorry. I was just...
...trying to figure out what I was supposed to say to my mom.
You really don't need to be here.
You can go to the hospital. You should.
No. there's nothing to do except...
to relive his childhood trauma.
After the murder of three Homelander supporters
allegedly by two followers
Starlight rising tensions.
The skirmishes between the two groups...
Enough of this shit. Is Kiara awake yet?
No. and I have about a thousand messages.
where they ask them what to do.
Then say it.
People look up to you.
No. look to Starlight. The costume.
You're the one who wore it.
I know why you took it off.
I just... I see the value in it.
In superheroes?
You're defending superheroes? Are you serious?
As cheesy as that sounds.
people need a symbol.
someone they can stand up for
and have a little fucking hope.
That could be you.
I don't want to lead anyone.
I really don't. And I can't be her again.
For me. it's just...
It is a symbol
of so many bad things that... I just can't.
I can't. I can't. I just...
Yeah. but...
Shit. he's here!
I was in the Tower.
And they called from Boise. Idaho.
That there's a terrorist who has
the whole cinema hostage.
-A...
-A-Traine? I love you! Can I take a selfie?
Yeah. right.
Hold on.
I ran through the Rocky Mountains.
took him out and defused the bomb.
-And then what?
-What do you mean?
Then I had popcorn
and Pacific Rim: Uprising.
Why don't you tell them the truth?
Nathan.
Just... be cool.
You're meeting my boys
behind my back and I'm supposed to be cool?
-What's going on?
-I don't know.
Don't think you're not in trouble.
Sorry. Dad.
Come on. Dad. Uncle Reggie
told us about his exploits.
Are you gonna tell them. or am I?
Come on. don't make a big deal out of it...
The movie theater in Idaho was a studio in the Bronx.
And the terrorist?
That was a stuntman.
They finished the mountains in post-production.
I know because I was there.
Is that true?
You know. it's complicated.
No. it's simple.
Your rescues aren't real.
You never saved anyone.
And now you're lying to your blood right to your face.
I told you...
Your uncle's no hero.
And I don't want to see you with him.
Let's go.
Nathan.
Nathan. I'm sorry!
Hey. Hey. Wait. wait. wait! Give him a minute.
Your videos opened my eyes.
that my whole family is brainwashed
pedophile worshippers.
like Starlight.
I told them I couldn't talk to them.
until they'd studied it.
It's been three years.
That's right. keep fighting.
-Shall we take a selfie?
-Of course.
-Thank you.
-Me too.
A load of truth!
Meeting with Solid Citizens
has been moved to 6:00 p.m.
Do you really believe all that?
Or is that just bullshit
wrapped up in a personal vendetta?
I mean. your mouth is cut.
Point for subtextual racism.
but I'm a superhero. Sister Sage.
-I'm working with Homelander.
-Shit.
-Dude! Is he here?
-Of course not.
Between these stinking rednecks
no one will ever catch him.
Even if there's a chance he'll meet you.
Show me your skills first.
Oh. yeah. That's pretty pathetic.
But I'm also strong.
Look. what's important is what you're selling.
I'm here to share the plain truth.
What are you selling?
You didn't understand me?
Meaning.
I'm selling sense.
These people have nothing.
Maybe they lost their jobs. their houses.
or a kid because of drugs.
And the politicians don't give a shit
and the mainstream media is telling them
to be ashamed of the color of their skin.
So I'll bring them together. tell them a story
and give them a purpose in life.
Which would you rather believe?
That you belong to the community of warriors
fighting a secret evil?
Or that you're a lonely. insignificant nobody.
that will be quickly forgotten?
Deep's Deep at 9:00 p.m.
Sage has no powers?
Except for your brain.
Then why are we sneaking around?
I'll grab her
and pull out what we need.
Hey. look.
This is just a stakeout. okay?
Fine. then sit on your ass
and watch me work.
That's enough!
Get your fucking hands off me!
-Go home!
-Or what?
You gonna punch me in the face? Go ahead. try it!
Butcher. for God's sake.
Ever since Soldier Boy
you're fucking with me!
It's like you're sitting on a barrel
with gunpowder and just explode.
Come on. you got a clear field!
You're gonna regret something.
unless you get punched in the face.
You're a shit boss. you know that?
Hughie's fucked. Kimiko's drunk
and we've been here for hours and we don't know shit!
You're gonna make everyone die!
Can't eat. can't sleep
and you're not willing to do it.
what it takes to lead them.
because you don't have the balls!
Nice try. Butcher.
but it's not gonna work.
That's what your wife said. huh?
All the crap you do.
and the mess I have to clean up after you!
Do you know why I came back?
Because I've always thought
this time it's gonna be different.
All the shit we've been through together!
I thought.
maybe this time we could...
Be brothers again.
Just go home.
THE JEWISH DANGER
DON'T TRUST BOB SINGER
SOLDIER BOY IS BEING HELD CAPTIVE BY CIA!
CHILD FREEDOM FIGHTERS
Hey! Hey!
If you really care about the kids.
go after the real smugglers
and fuck the fairy tales!
No!
If you have to inflict pain.
maybe I'll endure it so others don't suffer.
Hey! Hey!
Let's go!
That trip from Trenton took you long enough.
Constipated. huh?
What the fuck are you doing here?
The eyes. always the eyes.
To.
What's that?
Camera footage of the boys.
They were two miles from the bodies at the time of death.
It's hard to commit murder.
when you're 20 blocks away.
Why are you giving it to us?
You could have snitched on me in front of my family
and you didn't.
-Form of thanks.
-Thank Hughie.
I'd beat the shit out of you
and you'd deserve it.
Yeah. I agree.
Hey! Hey!
Get back!
Stand back!
Noire. what the fuck... What the hell are we supposed to do?
-Let her go!
-Get out of the way. kid!
-You're gonna be okay.
-Promise?
I promise.
Who are you?
-My name is...
-Ryan.
-It's Homelander.
-Dad?
It's okay. son. I'm here.
Let's save America together.
Go.
Come on.
Drop it. Come on!
Fuck!
It's all right. guys.
Everything is under control.
You saved me.
Good girl.
Smile.
Okay.
I thought we weren't killing today.
We're not getting clear instructions on the role.
HOTEL
THE DEPTHS OF THE DEEP
QUEEN MAEVE BALLROOM
FOR ALL GENDERS
She said at nine o'clock at night
in the Deep. right?
That's what I said.
Drop your weapons.
Big dicks. little dicks.
They're American. you toad.
Marvin. did you really think
you could follow me?
So what now?
These assholes are CIA.
Real secret state stooges.
They're knocking off more superheroes
than anyone in the world.
And Homelander would like you to kill them.
Consider this your last audition.
Audition for what?
The sooner they die. the sooner you find out.
You're not that impressive.
I'm sending your ass back to China. bitch.
She's Japanese.
What are you doing?
Conjunctivitis.
Licking ass takes a toll.
No. It's an allergy.
-Shut the fuck up.
-Now!
Oh. shit!
THE AMAZING MISS RACHEL
Mazel tov.
-I don't have it anymore.
-Me neither.
So are they.
PHOTO BOOTH
MAZEL TOV. MISS RACHEL!
No!
Don't touch me with that inflammation!
The storm has arrived.
After we infiltrated
the Zionist Society.
me and Splinter were attacked by the CIA!
And the proof?
The proof is right here.
I call on all...
No! Firecracker!
You're gonna let me beat up your girlfriend like that?
No wonder he only sees you as a friend.
M. get them out of here!
Fuck!
No.
No! Not the original!
We loved you.
From the first Holocaust hoax video.
So you know...
Who wants a delicious milkshake?
Oh. Ryan.
Come on.
Come here.
It's okay.
Don't worry.
You don't have to worry.
You'll have plenty of
solo hits. I promise.
But I really think
that my presence will boost your numbers.
What?
Yeah. I'm fine.
-No. -No. I...
-Yes.
I killed Koy.
Is that why you're crying?
Because of Koya?
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Accidents happen all the time.
People are fragile.
You can't save them all.
But that's our job.
Hey. Koy died.
doing what he loved.
Okay?
-It'll be better next time.
-No. -No.
-Jo.
-No. I'll never do it again!
Jesus... How many times do I have to tell you?
They're just people. Ryan.
Toys.
You can't feel bad about that.
what you are because a few things are gonna break.
Who cares?
You're destined for so much more.
do you understand?
You're the chosen one. son.
Sooner or later you have to accept it.
STARLIGHT SUPPORTS WOMEN
Nevinen! Nevinen!
Are you sure about this?
So a fucker like A-Train
gets caught and I don't?
You deserve it!
I can handle it.
We love you. Starlight!
Starlight!
COMING TALK
COLIN
You look terrible.
Where are you?
Better if you don't know. baby.
Let's say I'm a comtesse from Luxembourg
on leave for life.
Cherie... You...
You remember Colin Hauser?
The judge's son?
I met him at...
Narcotics Anonymous.
Did he recognize you?
We got to talking.
He was having a hard time. so I helped him
get a job at Starlight House and...
So you're fucking him?
Oh. my God. Serge.
what you still have
with those poor strays?
I wasn't planning on it.
We saw each other day after day
and one thing led to another...
And what happens when he finds out
that you murdered his family?
Your promise isn't worth paper.
that it's written on!
What... I... I don't understand you at all.
You said before that...
You said you promised to take care of Dad.
but you're gonna take care of shit!
Can you keep your voice down?
You have no business ordering me around.
-Clear?
-Good.
The day she left was Friday.
You took me to school
and you promised.
to buy us tickets to see Billy Joel.
I was shaking with excitement.
That's the last I saw of you.
I stood at the door for a week
and told my dad you'd be back. because why
you wouldn't come back? You promised!
But your promise meant nothing.
I'm so sorry. Hughie.
But this isn't about you and me.
It's about what's best for your dad.
You don't know what's best for him or us.
From now on. you won't talk to doctors without me.
You're not gonna make a medical decision
without my signature.
If you have a problem...
I'm gonna sue you.
I'm gonna contest the power of attorney.
And screw the rosemary oil.
Dad would hate it. it stinks!
CLINICAL THERAPIST
TERRORIST CELL
SHINING LIGHT IN NEW YORK
Thank you.
For what you did in there...
You saved our asses.
You should have left me there.
Being a good boss...
...is being an asshole just right.
There is no room for pity.
The right move was to take out that cunt Sage.
Instead. you sent Banda into a trap.
And then he risked their lives to save
a dude who's gonna be dead in six months.
We got lucky. but next time...
Someone's gonna die.
I'm looking back on my life...
and everything I see...
is a mess.
I fucked up.
Every step.
And I don't have time to fix it.
Maybe...
Maybe I can in the time I have left.
to do one thing right.
Get Ryan to safety.
But I can't do it alone.
I can't do this without you.
Please.
Too fucking late. Butcher.
too late.
Subtitles by Lucie Mandziuková
Creative supervision
Kateřina Hámová
www.titulky.com